Come all young people and listen to my song Tell you the young man was always gone For the reason why I cannot tell This young man was always well For the reason why I cannot tell This young man was always well
He went to storm, feeling their sheep dim.
The waves and brites were up to chin.
The careless ways that grow so high made this young man weep and cry.
The careless ways that grow so high
Made this young man weep and cry He went to his nearest neighbor's house Horting as you might circle The conversation did begin Say, young man, have you hold your calm?
The conversation did begin Say, young man, have you hold your calm?
He answered her with a sweet reply, Yes, my dear, I've laid it by.
For dangerous wives, tribes and beans, For don't believe I raise one grain.
If you don't believe you'll raise your bread, why do you hope to strive to win?
For single I am and single I remain, allay, say, amen, I won't maintain.
Now he's going to see a witter, I'm in hope that he won't get her.
For the rank of the hole, the handle of the plow,
So do much better than a watch just now.
He can't raise bread and he can't get a watch.
Round the level back, try the balance of his life.
For a single island, a single island.